1471 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçePortuguêsРусскийEspañolDeutschPolskiRomânăFrançaisالعربيةहिन्दीNot Like Us Lyrics
Psst, I see dead people
(Mustard on the beat, ho)

Ayy, Mustard on the beat, ho
Deebo any rap nigga, he a free throw
Man down, call an amberlamps, tell him, "Breathe, bro"
Nail a nigga to the cross, he walk around like Teezo
What's up with these jabroni-ass niggas tryna see Compton?
The industry can hate me, fuck 'em all and they mama
How many opps you really got? I mean, it's too many options
I'm finna pass on this body, I'm John Stockton
Beat your ass and hide the Bible if God watchin'
Sometimes you gotta pop out and show niggas
Certified boogeyman, I'm the one that up the score with 'em
Walk him down, whole time, I know he got some ho in him
Pole on him, extort shit, bully Death Row on him
Say, Drake, I hear you like 'em young
You better not ever go to cell block one
To any bitch that talk to him and they in love
Just make sure you hide your lil' sister from him
They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs
And Party at the party playin' with his nose now
And Baka got a weird case, why is he around?
Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, Dot, fuck 'em up
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, I'ma do my stuff
Why you trollin' like a bitch? Ain't you tired?
Tryna strike a chord and it's probably A minor
You might also like
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us

You think the Bay gon' let you disrespect Pac, nigga?
I think that Oakland show gon' be your last stop, nigga
Did Cole foul, I don't know why you still pretendin'
What is the owl? Bird niggas and burnt bitches, go
The audience not dumb
Shape the stories how you want, hey, Drake, they're not slow
Rabbit hole is still deep, I can go further, I promise
Ain't that somethin'? B-Rad stands for bitch and you Malibu most wanted
Ain't no law, boy, you ball boy, fetch Gatorade or somethin'
Since 2009, I had this bitch jumpin'
You niggas'll get a wedgie, be flipped over your boxers
What OVO for? The "Other Vaginal Option"? Pussy
Nigga better straighten they posture, got famous all up in Compton
Might write this for the doctorate, tell the pop star quit hidin'
Fuck a caption, want action, no accident
And I'm hands-on, he fuck around, get polished
Fucked on Wayne girl while he was in jail, that's connivin'
Then get his face tatted like a bitch apologizin'
I'm glad DeRoz' came home, y'all didn't deserve him neither
From Alondra down to Central, nigga better not speak on Serena
And your homeboy need subpoena, that predator move in flocks
That name gotta be registered and placed on neighborhood watch
I lean on you niggas like another line of Wock'
Yeah, it's all eyes on me, and I'ma send it up to Pac, ayy
Put the wrong label on me, I'ma get 'em dropped, ayy
Sweet Chin Music and I won't pass the aux, ayy
How many stocks do I really have in stock? Ayy
One, two, three, four, five, plus five, ayy
Devil is a lie, he a 69 God, ayy
Freaky-ass niggas need to stay they ass inside, ayy
Roll they ass up like a fresh pack of 'za, ayy
City is back up, it's a must, we outside, ayy
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us

Once upon a time, all of us was in chains
Homie still doubled down callin' us some slaves
Atlanta was the Mecca, buildin' railroads and trains
Bear with me for a second, let me put y'all on game
The settlers was usin' townfolk to make 'em richer
Fast-forward, 2024, you got the same agenda
You run to Atlanta when you need a check balance
Let me break it down for you, this the real nigga challenge
You called Future when you didn't see the club (Ayy, what?)
Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up (What?)
21 gave you false street cred
Thug made you feel like you a slime in your head (Ayy, what?)
Quavo said you can be from Northside (What?)
2 Chainz say you good, but he lied
You run to Atlanta when you need a few dollars
No, you not a colleague, you a fuckin' colonizer
The family matter and the truth of the matter
It was God's plan to show y'all the liar

Mm
Mm-mm
He a fan, he a fan, he a fan (Mm)
He a fan, he a fan, he a
Freaky-ass nigga, he a 69 God
Freaky-ass nigga, he a 69 God
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Freaky-ass nigga, he a 69 God
Freaky-ass nigga, he a 69 God
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Let me hear you say, "OV-ho" (OV-ho)
Say, "OV-ho" (OV-ho)
Then step this way, step that way
Then step this way, step that way
Are you my friend?
Are we locked in?
Then step this way, step that way
Then step this way, step that way150Embed541 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEnglishFrançaisPortuguêsEspañolSvenskaРусскийMoney Trees Lyrics
Uh, me and my niggas tryna get it, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Hit the house lick: tell me, is you wit' it, ya bish? (Ya bish, ya bish)
Home invasion was persuasive (Was persuasive, was persuasive)
From nine to five I know it's vacant, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Dreams of livin' life like rappers do (Like rappers do, like rappers do)
Back when condom wrappers wasn't cool (They wasn't cool, they wasn't cool)
I fucked Sherane and went to tell my bros (Tell my bros, tell my bros)
Then Usher Raymond "Let It Burn" came on ("Let Burn" came on, "Let Burn" came on)
Hot sauce all in our Top Ramen, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Park the car, then we start rhymin', ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
The only thing we had to free our mind (Free our mind, free our mind)
Then freeze that verse when we see dollar signs (See dollar signs, see dollar signs)
You lookin' like a easy come-up, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
A silver spoon, I know you come from, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
And that's a lifestyle that we never knew (We never knew, we never knew)
Go at a reverend for the revenue

It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all-day
This-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's jus' how I feel
Nah, nah
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch
That's jus' how I feel, nah
A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
That's jus' how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just make that lane switch
That's jus' how I feel, nah
A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
That's jus' how I feel

Dreams of livin' life like rappers do (Like rappers do, like rappers do)
Bump that new E-40 after school (Way after school, way after school)
You know, "Big Ballin' With My Homies" (My homies)
Earl Stevens had us thinkin' rational (Thinkin' rational, that's rational)
Back to reality, we poor, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Another casualty at war, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Two bullets in my Uncle Tony head (My Tony head, my Tony head)
He said one day I'll be on tour, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
That Louis Burgers never be the same (Won't be the same, won't be the same)
A Louis belt that never ease that pain (Won't ease that pain, won't ease that pain)
But I'ma purchase when that day is jerkin' (That day is jerkin', that day is jerkin')
Pull off at Church's, with Pirellis skirtin' (Pirellis skirtin', Pirellis skirtin')
Gang signs out the window, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Hopin' all of 'em offend you, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
They say your hood is a pot o' gold (A pot o' gold, a pot o' gold)
And we gon' crash it when nobody's home
You might also like
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all-day
This-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's jus' how I feel

Nah, nah
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch
That's jus' how I feel, nah
A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
That's jus' how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just make that lane switch
That's jus' how I feel, nah
A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
That's jus' how I feel
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way!
Love one of you bucket headed hoes? No way!
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way!
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way!
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way!
Love one of you bucket headed hoes? No way!
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way!
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way!
'Magine Rock up in them projects where them niggas pick your pockets
Santa Claus don't miss them stockings; liquors spillin', pistols poppin'
Bakin' soda YOLA whippin', ain't no turkey on Thanksgivin'
My homeboy just dome'd a nigga, I just hope the Lord forgive him
Pots with cocaine residue, every day I'm hustlin'
What else is a thug to do when you eatin' cheese from the government?
Gotta provide for my daughter n'em—get the fuck up out my way, bish!
Got that drum and I got them bands just like a parade, bish!
Drop that work up in the bushes, hope them boys don't see my stash
If they do, tell the truth, this the last time you might see my ass
From the gardens where the grass ain't cut, them serpents lurkin', Blood
Bitches sellin' pussy, niggas sellin' drugs but it's all good
Broken promises, steal your watch and tell you what time it is
Take your J's and tell you to kick it where a Foot Locker is
In the streets with a heater under my Dungarees
Dreams of me gettin' shaded under a money tree

It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all-day
This-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's jus' how I feel

Kendrick, just bring my car back, man. I-I called in for another appointment. I figured you weren’t gonna be back here on time anyway. Look, shit, shit, I just wanna get out the house, man. This man is on one. He feelin' good as a motherfucker. Shit, I’m tryna get my thing goin', too. I'm going to Merlin' house. Just bring my car back. Shit, he faded. He feelin' good. Look, listen to him!
Girl, girl, I want your body, I want your body, 'cause you got a big ol' fat ass. Girl, girl, I want your body, I want your body, 'cause of that big ol' fat ass. Girl, I want your body, 'cause of that big ol'—
See, he high as hell. Shit, and he ain't even trippin' off them dominoes no more. Just bring the car back!
Did somebody say dominoes?
994Embed1017 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsPolskiAzərbaycanca / آذربايجانDeutschFrançaisHUMBLE. Lyrics
Nobody pray for me
It been that day for me
Way (Yeah, yeah)

Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances
Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I'm countin’ this
Parmesan where my accountant lives, in fact, I'm downin' this
D’USSÉ with my boo bae, tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts
Girl, I can buy your ass the world with my paystub
Ooh, that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods?
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Pull up on your block, then break it down: we playin' Tetris
A.m. to the p.m., p.m. to the a.m., funk
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk
If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk
If I quit this season, I still be the greatest, funk
My left stroke just went viral
Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral
Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note
It's levels to it, you and I know

Bitch, be humble (Hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, lil’, hol’ up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hol’ up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hol’ up, hol' up)
Bitch, sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Lil' bitch, hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Be humble (Hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, lil', hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hol' up, hol' up)
Bitch, sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Lil' bitch, hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
You might also like
Who that nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? (Man-Man)
Get the fuck off my stage, I'm the Sandman (Sandman)
Get the fuck off my dick, that ain't right
I make a play fucking up your whole life
I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the Photoshop
Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor
Show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretch marks
Still I take you down right on your mama couch in Polo socks
Ayy, this shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy
I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy
I don't fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be fakin', ayy
I stay modest 'bout it, ayy, she elaborate it, ayy
This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk, ayy
Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, ayy
If I kill a nigga, it won't be the alcohol, ayy
I'm the realest nigga after all

Bitch, be humble (Hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, lil', hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hol' up, hol' up)
Bitch, sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Lil' bitch, hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Be humble (Hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, lil', hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hol' up, hol' up)
Bitch, sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Lil' bitch, hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)1.2KEmbed1395 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsTürkçeEspañolРусскийPolskiไทย / Phasa ThaiRomânăDeutschFrançaisItaliano​euphoria Lyrics

​eurt si em tuoba yas yeht gnihtyrevE
Euphoria

Them super powers gettin' neutralized, I can only watch in silence
The famous actor we once knew is lookin' paranoid and now is spiralin'
You're movin' just like a degenerate, every antic is feelin' distasteful
I calculate you're not as calculated, I can even predict your angle
Fabricatin' stories on the family front 'cause you heard Mr. Morale
A pathetic master manipulator, I can smell the tales on you now
You'rе not a rap artist, you a scam artist with the hopes of being accеpted
Tommy Hilfiger stood out, but FUBU never had been your collection
I make music that electrify 'em, you make music that pacify 'em
I can double down on that line, but spare you this time, that's random acts of kindness
Know you a master manipulator and habitual liar too
But don't tell no lie about me and I won't tell truths 'bout you

Shoo, shoo, shoo
Shoo, shoo, shoo
Bee, bee, bee, bee, bee, bee
You might also like
Yeah, I'm out the way, yeah, I'm low, okay
Yeah, the island right here's remote, okay
I ain't thinkin' about no reaper, nigga, I'm reapin' what I sow, okay
Got a Benjamin and a Jackson all in my house like I'm Joe, okay
Hellcat, made his homeboys and them type sell they soul, okay
Everybody wanna be demon 'til they get chipped by a throwaway
And I might do a show a day, once a lame, always a lame
Oh, you thought the money, the power or fame would make you go away?
Have you ever played have-you-ever? Okay, nigga, let's play
Have you ever walked your enemy down like with a poker face?
Have you ever paid five hundred thou' like to an open case?
Well, I have, and I failed at both, but I came out straight
I hate when a rapper talk about guns, then somebody die, they turn into nuns
Then hop online like "Pray for my city," he fakin' for likes and digital hugs
His daddy a killer, he wanna be junior, they must've forgot the shit that they done
Dementia must run in his family, but let it get shaky
I'll park his son
The very first time I shot me a Drac', the homie had told me to aim it this way
I didn't point down enough, today, I'll show you I learned from those mistakes
Somebody had told me that you got a ring, on God, I'm ready to double the wage
I'd rather do that than let a Canadian nigga make Pac turn in his grave
Cutthroat business, you got shit twisted
What is it? The braids?
I hurt your feelings? You don't wanna work with me no more? Okay
It's three GOATs left, and I seen two of them kissin' and huggin' on stage
I love 'em to death, and in eight bars, I'll explain that phrase, huh
It's nothin' nobody can tell me, huh
I don't wanna talk on no celly, huh
You know I got language barriers, huh
It's no accent you can sell me, huh
Yeah, Cole and Aubrey know I'm a selfish nigga, the crown is heavy, huh
I pray they my real friends, if not, I'm YNW Melly
I don't like you poppin' shit at Pharrell, for him, I inherit the beef
Yeah, fuck all that pushin' P, let me see you push a T
You better off spinnin' again on him, you think about pushin' me
He's Terrence Thornton, I'm Terence Crawford, yeah, I'm whoopin' feet
We ain't gotta get personal, this a friendly fade, you should keep it that way
I know some shit about niggas that make Gunna Wunna look like a saint
This ain't been about critics, not about gimmicks, not about who the greatest
It's always been about love and hate, now let me say I'm the biggest hater
I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk, I hate the way that you dress
I hate the way that you sneak diss, if I catch flight, it's gon' be direct
We hate the bitches you fuck 'cause they confuse themself with real women
And notice, I said "we," it's not just me, I'm what the culture feelin'
How many more fairytale stories 'bout your life 'til we had enough?
How many more Black features 'til you finally feel that you're Black enough?
I like Drake with the melodies, I don't like Drake when he act tough
You gon' make a nigga bring back Puff, let me see if Chubbs really crash somethin'
Yeah, my first one like my last one, it's a classic, you don't have one
Let your core audience stomach that, then tell 'em where you get your abs from
V12, it's a fast one, baow-baow-baow, last one
Headshot for the year, you better walk around like Daft Punk
Remember?
Ayy, Top Dawg, who the fuck they think they playin' with?
Extortion my middle name as soon as you jump off of that plane, bitch
I'm allergic to the lame shit, only you like bein' famous
Yachty can't give you no swag neither, I don't give a fuck 'bout who you hang with
I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk, I hate the way that you dress
Surprised you wanted that feature request, you know that we got some shit to address
I even hate when you say the word "nigga," but that's just me, I guess
Some shit just cringeworthy, it ain't even gotta be deep, I guess
Still love when you see success, everything with me is blessed
Keep makin' me dance, wavin' my hand, and it won't be no threat
I'm knowin' they call you The Boy, but where is a man? 'Cause I ain't seen him yet
Matter fact, I ain't even bleed him yet, can I bleed him? (Bet)
When I see you stand by Sexyy Red, I believe you see two bad bitches
I believe you don't like women, it's real competition, you might pop ass with 'em
Let's speak on percentage, show me your splits, I'll make sure I double back with ya
You were signed to a nigga that's signed to a nigga that said he was signed to that nigga
Try cease and desist on the "Like That" record?
Ho, what? You ain't like that record?
"Back To Back," I like that record
I'ma get back to that, for the record
Why would I call around tryna get dirt on niggas? Y'all think all my life is rap?
That's ho shit, I got a son to raise, but I can see you don't know nothin' 'bout that
Wakin' him up, know nothin' 'bout that
Then tell him to pray, know nothin' 'bout that
Then givin' him tools to walk through life like day by day, know nothin' 'bout that
Teachin' him morals, integrity, discipline, listen, man, you don't know nothin' 'bout that
Speakin' the truth and consider what God's considerin', you don't know nothin' 'bout that
Ain't twenty-v-one, it's one-v-twenty if I gotta smack niggas that write with you
Yeah, bring 'em out too, I'll clean 'em out too, tell BEAM that he better stay right with you
Am I battlin' ghost or AI?
Nigga feelin' like Joel Osteen
Funny, he was in a film called A.I.
And my sixth sense tellin' me to off him
I'ma blick niggas all in they coffin
Yeah, OV-ho niggas is dick riders
Tell 'em run to America, they imitate heritage, they can't imitate this violence
What I learned is niggas don't like the West Coast, and I'm fine with it, I'll push the line with it
Pick a nigga off one at a time with it
We can be on a three-hour time difference
Don't speak on the family, crodie
It can get deep in the family, crodie
Talk about me and my family, crodie?
Someone gon' bleed in your family, crodie
I be at New Ho King eatin' fried rice with a dip sauce and a blammy, crodie
Tell me you're cheesin', fam
We can do this right now on the camera, crodie
Ayy, fuck y'all niggas, I don't trust y'all niggas
I wave one finger and thump y'all niggas like mmm
Field goal, punt y'all niggas, they punk y'all niggas, nobody never took my food
Whoever that's fuckin' with him, fuck you niggas, and fuck the industry too
If you take it there, I'm takin' it further
Psst, that's something you don't wanna do
Ooh
We don't wanna hear you say "nigga" no more
We don't wanna hear you say "nigga" no more
Stop142Embed314 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsFrançaisDeutschPRIDE. Lyrics
Love's gonna get you killed
But pride’s gonna be the death of you and you and me
And you and you and you and me
And you and you and you and me
And you and you and you and me and—

Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care

Hell-raising, wheel-chasing, new worldly possessions
Flesh-making, spirit-breaking, which one would you lessen?
The better part, the human heart, you love ’em or dissect 'em
Happiness or flashiness? How do you serve the question?
See, in a perfect world, I would be perfect, world
I don't trust people enough beyond they surface, world
I don't love people enough to put my faith in man
I put my faith in these lyrics, hoping I make a band
I understand I ain't perfect, I probably won't come around
This time I might put you down
Last time I ain't give a fuck, I still feel the same now
My feelings might go numb, you're dealin’ with cold thumb
I’m willin' to give up a leg and arm to show empathy from
Pity parties and functions of you and yours
A perfect world, you probably live another 24
I can’t fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure
I can't fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure
You might also like
Me, I wasn’t taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care
Maybe I wasn't there (We saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there

Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive
Cold as December but never remember what winter did
I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid
Seems like I point the finger just to make a point nowadays
Smiles and cold stares, the temperature goes there
Indigenous disposition, feel like we belong here
I know the walls, they can listen, I wish they could talk back
The hurt becomes repetition, the love almost lost that
Sick venom in men and women overcome with pride
A perfect world is never perfect, only filled with lies
Promises are broken and more resentment come alive
Race barriers make inferior of you and I
See, in a perfect world, I'll choose faith over riches
I'll choose work over bitches, I'll make schools out of prison
I'll take all the religions and put 'em all in one service
Just to tell 'em we ain't shit, but He's been perfect, world
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care
Maybe I wasn't there (We saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there170Embed656 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийItalianoFrançaisDNA. Lyrics
I got, I got, I got, I got—
Loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
Cocaine quarter piece, got war and peace inside my DNA
I got power, poison, pain, and joy inside my DNA
I got hustle, though, ambition flow inside my DNA
I was born like this, since one like this, immaculate conception
I transform like this, perform like this, was Yeshua new weapon
I don't contemplate, I meditate, then off your fucking head
This that put-the-kids-to-bed
This that I got, I got, I got, I got—
Realness, I just kill shit ’cause it's in my DNA
I got millions, I got riches buildin' in my DNA
I got dark, I got evil that rot inside my DNA
I got off, I got troublesome heart inside my DNA
I just win again, then win again like Wimbledon, I serve
Yeah, that’s him again, the sound that engine in is like a bird
You see fireworks and Corvette tire skrrt the boulevard
I know how you work, I know just who you are
See, you's a, you's a, you's a—
Bitch, your hormones prolly switch inside your DNA
Problem is, all that sucker shit inside your DNA
Daddy prolly snitched, heritage inside your DNA
Backbone don't exist, born outside a jellyfish, I gauge
See, my pedigree most definitely don't tolerate the front
Shit I've been through prolly offend you, this is Paula's oldest son
I know murder, conviction
Burners, boosters, burglars, ballers, dead, redemption
Scholars, fathers dead with kids and
I wish I was fed forgiveness
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, soldier’s DNA (I’m a soldier's DNA)
Born inside the beast, my expertise checked out in second grade
When I was nine, on cell, motel, we didn’t have nowhere to stay
At twenty-nine, I've done so well, hit cartwheel in my estate
And I'm gon' shine like I’m supposed to, antisocial extrovert
And excellent mean the extra work
And absentness what the fuck you heard
And pessimists never struck my nerve
And Nazareth gonna plead his case
The reason my power's here on earth
Salute the truth, when the prophet say
You might also like
I-I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
This is why I say that hip hop has done more damage to young African Americans than racism in recent years
I-I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
I live a better life, I'm rollin' several dice, fuck your life
I-I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
I live a be-, fuck your life
Five, four, three, two, one
This is my heritage, all I'm inheritin'
Money and power, the mecca of marriages
Tell me somethin'
You motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I'd rather die than to listen to you
My DNA not for imitation
Your DNA an abomination
This how it is when you in the Matrix
Dodgin' bullets, reapin' what you sow
And stackin' up the footage, livin' on the go
And sleepin' in a villa
Sippin' from a Grammy, walkin' in the buildin'
Diamond in the ceilin', marble on the floors
Beach inside the window, peekin' out the window
Baby in the pool, godfather goals
Only Lord knows I've been goin' hammer
Dodgin' paparazzi, freakin' through the cameras
Eat at Four Daughters, Brock wearin' sandals
Yoga on a Monday, stretchin' to Nirvana
Watchin' all the snakes, curvin' all the fakes
Phone never on, I don't conversate
I don't compromise, I just penetrate
Sex, money, murder, these are the breaks
These are the times, level number nine
Look up in the sky, ten is on the way
Sentence on the way, killings on the way
Motherfucker, I got winners on the way
You ain't shit without a body on your belt
You ain't shit without a ticket on your plate
You ain't sick enough to pull it on yourself
You ain't rich enough to hit the lot and skate
Tell me when destruction gonna be my fate
Gonna be your fate, gonna be our faith
Peace to the world, let it rotate
Sex, money, murder our DNA
694Embed