197 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsEspañolРусскийType Shit Lyrics
Yeah, yeah, Pluto

I don't hang with rats, that's some new type shit
Get a nigga whacked on the news type shit
Sippin' drank and Actavis on some Screw type shit
Just a sad ho runnin' through the crew type shit
I got a bad bitch at home, voodoo type shit
Take down Meg Thee Stallions by the group type shit

That's some thick shit, I just thought you knew type shit
I just tricked off, I don't just usually do this type of shit
Pockets racked up, all blue type shit
Bunch of rich niggas, hoes get confused type shit
Atlanta nigga, I live like Ted Turner type shit
On camera, knockin' jaws loose typе shit
I canceled her, kick hеr out the stu' type shit
A silent hitter, I just keep it cool with you bitches
A solid nigga, countin' dog food type shit
Movin' through the city with your boo type shit
She's ready to suck it up like soup type shit
You goin' against the guys and you gon' lose type shit
Pray to God they knock you out your shoes type shit (Type shit)
You might also like
Pop it, pop it, right up out the blue type shit
Put the Double O in a mood
Serotonin, that's a cool type mix
Oxycontin, mix it with balloons (Alright)
East Atlanta feelin' like a zoo type mix (Open up)
Shawty, shawty strippin', takin' shrooms
Eatin' all the Percs, on some food type shit (Open up)
Shawty make it work, 9-to-5 type shit (Open up)
Eatin' all the Perkies, on some food type shit (Open up)
Eatin' all the Perkies, on some food type shit (Going up)
All the homies crushin' on some fool type— (Going up)
Floodin' out the spot, it's like a pool type mix (Add it up)
All the homies crushin' on some fool type shit (Going up)
All the homies crushin' on some fool type— (Open up)
Eatin' all the Perkies, on some food type shit
Feelin' so high, I'm on the moon type shit

Kick the slow flow, jitsu type shit (Open it up, add it up)
Red lock in my dreadlocks, I'm on bool type shit (Fuck it up, add it up)
Cook a nigga up like food type shit (Fuck it up, fuck it up)
Posted up with my dogs, Scooby Doo type shit (Fuck it up, woo)

She grippin' all on my balls, I gotta move type shit
Diamonds, they cover my flaws, I'm actin' brand new type shit
Hundred round drum, make it burst, soundin' like a nuke type shit
All of my jeans is saggin', I think I'm over tight shit
Put the ho down with the gang, now she think she my manager type shit
Shawty thought she was the one, I will forever have a boss bitch
The presi' set on me plain, I'm on some naked type shit
Eighty-one thou' for the teeth, I still ain't smiling for this bitch
This ho think she better than me? She on that IG model shit
Shawty said I'm a superhero, so how the fuck I'ma hide from shit?
Bitch give me dome in the back, she on her bobblehead type shit
All I want is ass and titties, I ain't got no type, shit
Sippin' on drank, Pluto, hold up
Sippin' my drank, Metro
Sittin' right here with my yayo type shit
Might put some diamonds in my gloves, woah, on my Mike shit
What the fuck y'all talking about bodies for? Y'all just type shit (Pluto)
I don't hang with rats, that's some new type shit (New type shit)
Get a nigga whacked on the news type shit
Sippin' drank and Actavis on some Screw type shit
Just a sad ho runnin' through the crew type shit
I got a bad bitch at home, voodoo type shit
Take down Meg Thee Stallions by the group type shit

Tags all over my shirt, uh, rockstar type shit (Open it up, open it up)
Molly all in my dreads, uh, Rasta type shit (Open it up, open it up)
'Bout to take a ho to Turks, she a monster type shit (Type shit)
She don't speak no English, money talk type shit
She fuck me, ran her mouth 'cause I'm a boss type shit (Woo)12Embed497 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolItalianoEnglishРусскийTürkçe​goosebumps Lyrics
Yeah
7:30 in the night, yeah
Ooh, ooh

I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah
You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine
Worried 'bout those comments
I'm way too numb, yeah, it's way too dumb, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, I need the Heimlich
Throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah
When you're not around (Straight up)
When you throw that to the side, yeah (It's lit)
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah

7-1-3
Through the 2-8-1, yeah, I'm ridin', why they on me?
Why they on me? I'm flyin', sippin' low-key
I'm sippin' low-key in Onyx, rider, rider
When I'm pullin' up right beside ya
Pop star, lil' Mariah
When I text a cute game, wildness
Throw a stack on the Bible
Never Snapchat or took molly
She fall through plenty, her and all her ginnies, yeah
We at the top floor, right there off Doheny, yeah
Oh no, I can't fuck with y'all
Yeah, when I'm with my squad, I cannot do no wrong
Yeah, saucin' in the city, don't get misinformed
Yeah, they gon' pull up on you (Brr, brr, brr)
Yeah, we gon' do some things, some things you can't relate
Yeah, 'cause we from a place, a place you cannot stay
Oh, you can't go, oh, I don't know
Oh, back the fuck up off me (Brr, brr, brr)
See Travis Scott LiveGet tickets as low as $44You might also like
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah
You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine
Worried 'bout those comments
I'm way too numb, yeah, it's way too dumb, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, I need the Heimlich
Throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah
When you're not around
When you throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time

Uh, I want to press my like, yeah, I wanna press my
I want a green light, I wanna be like
I wanna press my line, yeah
I wanna take that ride, yeah
I'm gonna press my line
I want a green light, I wanna be like, I wanna press my—
Mama dearest, spare your feelings
I'm relivin' moments, peelin' more residual
I can buy the buildin', burn the buildin'
Take your bitch, rebuild the buildin' just to fuck some more
I can justify my love for ya
And touch the sky for God to stop debating war
Put the pussy on a pedestal (Ayy)
Put the pussy on a high horse
That pussy to die for
That pussy to die for
Peter Piper picked a pepper
So I could pick your brain and put your heart together
We depart the shady parts and party hard
The diamonds yours, the coupe forever
My best shot just might shoot forever like (Brr)
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah
You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine
Worried 'bout those comments
I'm way too numb, yeah, it's way too dumb, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, I need the Heimlich
Throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah
When you're not around
When you throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time605Embed255 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsPolskiItalianoDeutschFrançaisفارسیDanskShqipHIGHEST IN THE ROOM Lyrics
I got room in my fumes (Yeah)
She fill my mind up with ideas
I'm the highest in the room (It’s lit)
Hope I make it outta here (Let's go)

She saw my eyes, she know I'm gone (Ah)
I see some things that you might fear
I’m doin' a show, I'll be back soon (Soon)
That ain't what she wanna hear (Nah)
Now I got her in my room (Ah)
Legs wrapped around my beard
Got the fastest car, it zoom (Skrrt)
Hope we make it outta here (Ah)
When I'm with you, I feel alive
You say you love me, don't you lie (Yeah)
Won't cross my heart, don't wanna die
Keep the pistol on my side (Yeah)

Case it’s fumes (Smoke)
She fill my mind up with ideas (Straight up)
I’m the highest in the room (It's lit)
Hope I make it outta here (Let’s go, yeah)
See Travis Scott LiveGet tickets as low as $44You might also like
We ain't stressin' 'bout the loot (Yeah)
My block made of quesería
This not the molly, this the boot
Ain’t no comin' back from here
Live the life of La Familia
It's so much gang that I can't see ya (Yeah)
Turn it up 'til they can't hear (We can't)
Runnin', runnin' 'round for the thrill
Yeah, dawg, dawg, 'round my real (Gang)
Raw, raw, I been pourin' to the real (Drank)
Nah, nah, nah, they not back of the VIP (In the VIP)
Gorgeous, baby, keep me hard as steel
Ah, this my life, I did not choose
Uh, been on this since we was kids
We gon' stay on top and break the rules
Uh, I fill my mind up with ideas

Case it's fumes
She fill my mind up with ideas (Straight up)
I'm the highest in the room (I'm the highest, it's lit)
Hope I make it outta here
282Embed273 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguêsEspañolTürkçeItalianoSvenskaFrançaisBUTTERFLY EFFECT Lyrics
(All the commas)
(Murda on the beat, so it's not nice)
Ooh, hmm

For this life, I cannot change (Change)
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main (Main)
M&M's, sweet like candy cane (Cane)
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (Pop it, pop it)
For this life, I cannot change
In the hills, deep off in the main
M&M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (Pop it, pop it)

Drop the top, play hide and seek (Yeah)
Jump inside, jump straight to the league (League)
Take a sip, feel just how I be (It's lit)
On Freeway, but no, ain't nothin' free (Straight up)
Bend laws, bend lanes (Skrrt, skrrt)
Been bustin' bills, but still, ain't nothin' change (Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, skrrt)
You in the mob soon as you rock the chain (Skrrt, skrrt, mob)
She caught the waves, just thumbin' through my braids (Alright)
Heatin' up, baby, I'm just heatin' up (It's lit)
Need your love, not a need, it is a must (Yeah)
Feelin' stuck, you know how to keep me up (Yeah, yeah)
Icy love, icy like a hockey puck (Alright)
See Travis Scott LiveGet tickets as low as $44You might also like
For this life, I cannot change (Change)
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main (Main)
M&M's, sweet like candy cane (Cane)
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (Pop it, pop it)
For this life, I cannot change
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main (Yeah, yeah)
M&M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang

All the ones, all the chains piled on the mantle (Yeah)
All the dawgs, all the dawgs low creep right behind me in the Phantom (It's lit)
Yeah, never go, never go dip on the set, stayed Santana
Yeah, run it back, turn the lights on when I hit up Green Lantern (It's lit, alright)
Yeah, fly the broads, fly the dawgs down to Atlanta
Yeah, in the cut in Medusa, lay low, yeah, I might be
Yeah, roll up, help me calm down when I'm movin' high speed
Yeah, if I send one, need to text back 'cause you know what I need (Straight up)
Oh, please, oh, me, oh, my
We been movin', we been movin' for some time (Alright)
Flexin', flexin', try to exercise
Exercise (Exercise), exercise (Exercise), exercise (Exercise), exercise (Exercise)
(Yeah, yeah)

(For this life)
For this life, I cannot change (Change)
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main (Main)
M&M's, sweet like candy cane (Cane)
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (Pop it, pop it)
For this life, I cannot change
Hidden Hills, deep off in the main
M&M's, sweet like candy cane
Drop the top, pop it, let it bang (Bang, yeah)215Embed261 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsTürkçe한국어DeutschItalianoРусскийMY EYES Lyrics

When I stare in your eyes
You'll be there forever
To watch our life (To watch our life together)
You just like going to Heaven (My heart)
More than anything (Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah)
I'm fallin' and I'm drownin'
But you're takin' me

One thousand on my feet, stacks spreaded on my seat
Ten thousand on my eyes (Eyes)

Rollie Pollie on my wrist
Gotta make a flight, big day, slummin' no FaceTime
Fifty K, wonderin' why I'm stormin' off, no race
Emboldened by the bliss
I was sworn in by a kiss
Latе from the country caters
No peacеmaker, I sweep up cases
Goin' on a walk with a new suit armor
New suit dead, Bottega, that's on it
Give me the heat from the sleep, then I harm her
Cupid creep in, sleep with a hammer
Three time to get me T-T-T'd
Still same phone, AT&T-T
Still givin' news very vividly
Beefin' up, fuck a beef
Smokin' on some vicious type of reefer
I need no beef, no cheese (Yeah)
Even when I eat, they cheat (Uh)
Every time we meet, naive
See Travis Scott LiveGet tickets as low as $44You might also like
When I stare in your eyes
You'll be there forever
To watch our life (To watch our life together)
You just like going to Heav— (My heart)

One thousand on my feet, stacks spreaded on my seat
Ten thousand on my eyes (Eyes)

Yeah, it's mad how it gets so deep
It's mad how I get so high
It's mad how you get me by (By)

Tell me, tell me
Tell me, tell me
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

It's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me

Look in my eyes, tell me your tale
Do you see the road, the map to my soul?
Look, tell me the signs whenever the smoke clear out of my face
Am I picture-perfect or do I look fried?
All of that green and yellow, that drip from your eyes is tellin'
Tell you demise, I went to my side
To push back the ceilin' and push back the feelings, I had to decide
I replay them nights, and right by my side, all I see is a city of people that ride wit' me
If they just knew what Scotty would do to jump off the stage and save him a child
The things I created became the most weighted, I gotta find balance and keep me a smile (Hah)
Yeah, yeah
That shit wild, instead I'm a hero
I took it from zero, LaFlame Usain
I run it for miles, this shit wasn't luck
They got me fucked up, I put you on bus and take you around
A couple of guys inside of the school, I gave 'em the tools to get it off ground
They say they the ones when they make the errors
Can't look in the mirror (That shit wild)
I stand on the stage, I give 'em the rage
No turnin' it down, can't tame it, can't follow it
We do in the streets, we do it for keeps
We do it for rights, got fifty-two weeks
This shit ain't for pleasure, I'm comin' to tweak
This shit is forever and infinity
Number eight, yeah, we write it and wrap it around
I take me a bean and I turn to a beast
Bought the crib on a hill, made it harder to reach
Bought a couple more whips 'cause I needed more speed
Bought a couple more watches, I needed more time
Didn't buy the condo, it was smarter to lease
And I bought some more ice 'cause I brought in the heat
Made a cast of my dick, so she never gon' cheat
If I gave you a day in my life or a day in my eyes, don't blink31Embed82 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsOpen Arms Lyrics
When you do your best you ca—, I done told you
When you do your best, hell, that's all you can do
You and me and anybody else
So they always start talkin'

Runnin' away from where I'm from
Never can stay with no one
Lovin' you almost feels like something
When no one's around me
You lost and found me
I was surrounded
With open, open, open

Open arms (Ooh)
Open arms
You keep me open, I'm so devoted
You keep me open (Ooh)
Open arms
I'm so devoted to you, to you, to you

Spent your life bein' hopeless
Chokin' on insecurity
I know ownership's bad
But please put a leash on me anyway
Who needs self-esteem anyway?
I hate myself to make you stay
Push me away, I'll be right here
With open, open, open
See SZA LiveGet tickets as low as $144You might also like
Open arms (Ooh)
Open arms
You keep me open, I'm so devoted
You keep me open
Open arms
I'm so devoted to you, to you, to you

No matter what come between us, yeah, I decided
I'm forever ridin', we forever guided
Pull up on an opp, hit his curb up, slide it (Brr)
Notice when you mad, ain't no words, just silence
Drew my favorite color, now you seein' every shade of me
You say that I'm trippin', I hit back like, "Where you takin' me?"
Locked in for life, on God, no replacin' me
Consequences, repercussions, karma keep on changin' me
For you, I try
Face card, valid ID
C'est la vie, go to Paris
It ain't five-star, it ain't me
Over-solid, keep it concrete
I'ma bet it on you, a whole fee
Just don't switch sides
I could fire piece your wrist, AP
Through the ups and downs and all the heat
Take a turn and tell you what it be
Backshots make you feel relief
Anything, just don't you ever leave
I guess I gotta go (Ooh)
I guess it's time to go
I gotta let you go
(I'm so devoted)
You keep me open
Gotta let you go, gotta let you go
I gotta let you go, I must
But you're the only one that's holdin' me down (Ooh)
You're the only one holdin' me down (Only one)
'Cause you're the only one that's holdin' me down16Embed6 ContributorsMigos - Unreleased Songs  LyricsUpdated: November 26th, 2022
Ordered By Era:
Juug Season (February 25th, 2011 - August 25th, 2011)
-
No Label (January 1st, 2012 - June 1st, 2012)
-
Young Rich Niggas (Januay 13th, 2013 - June 6th, 2013)
Migos - Jumping Out The Gym
No Label II (August 25th, 2013 - February 25th, 2014)
Quavo - Kangaroo
Quavo - Migo Gang (feat. OG Maco & Travis Scott)
Rich Nigga Timeline (May 5th, 2014 - November 5th, 2014)
-
Yung Rich Nation (February 31st, 2015 - July 31st, 2015)
Migos - Call Mama (feat. French Montana)
Migos - One Shot (feat. Gwen Stefani)
Back to the Bando (March 17th, 2015 - September 17th, 2015)
-
MigoThuggin' (June 1st, 2015 - October 31st, 2015)
Young Thug - Bout Time (feat. Quavo)
Rich Homie Quan - Flow (feat. Offset)
Young Thug - Get It On My Own (feat. Offset)
Young Rich Niggas 2 (October 31st, 2015 - January 18th, 2016)
Lil Yachty - Battle of the Bands (feat. Takeoff)
Kooly Bros - Courageous Heart (feat. Quavo)
Offset - Hot Spot (feat. 21 Savage)
Young Thug - Muddy (feat. Offset & Lucci)
Offset - My Choices (feat. Young Thug)
Young Thug - Right Now (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - Thank God
Offset - Truck Loads
3 Way (February 7th, 2016 - July 7th, 2016)
Offset - Auto (feat. Mango Foo & Migo Domingo)
Takeoff - Pyrex Pot (feat. YRN Kade)
Culture (June 27th, 2016 - January 27th, 2017)
The Weeknd - All I Know (Lost Version) (feat. The-Dream, Kanye West, Quavo & Big Sean)
Playboi Carti - Call Up The Troops (feat. Offset)
Post Malone - Congratulations (Pop Remix) (feat. Quavo)
Lil Baby - Coupe (feat. Offset)
Pia Mia & Offset - Feel Up
Travis Scott & Young Thug - Pick Up The Phone (feat. Quavo)
Young Thug & Starrah - Pick Up The Phone (feat. Quavo)
Young Thug - Still (feat. Quavo & Lil Duke)
Takeoff - Take LA
A$AP Ant - Testarossa (feat. Playboi Carti, Offset & HoodRich Pablo Juan)
Playboi Carti - Walk Inside My Mansion (feat. Quavo)
Control the Streets, Vol. 1 (June 8th, 2017 - December 8th, 2017)
Offset - Big Bank Take Lil Bank
Meek Mill - Cartier (feat. Offset)
21 Savage - Doo Doo (feat. Offset)
Quavo - Eat Dessert
Quavo - For Keeps
Playboi Carti & Offset - I'm With The Squad (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
Quavo - Last Night (feat. Jeremih)
Takeoff - Run In Place (feat. Gucci Mane)
Huncho Jack, Jack Huncho (June 21st, 2017 - December 21st, 2017)
Young Thug - Big B's (feat. Quavo)
Travis Scott - Butterfly Effect (feat. Quavo)
Trippie Redd & XXXTENTACION - Ghost Busters (feat. Quavo & Ski Mask The Slump God)
Quavo & Travis Scott - Go (feat. Rich The Kid)
Quavo & Travis Scott - Modern Slavery (feat. 2 Chainz)
Quavo - Night (feat. Desiigner)
Quavo & Travis Scott - Smell Of Money
Culture II (June 26th, 2017 - January 26th, 2018)
Quavo - From Me
PARTYNEXTDOOR & Quavo - More (feat. Lil Wayne)
Ariana Grande - R.E.M. (feat. Quavo)
Drake - Ratatouille (feat. Quavo & Baka Not Nice)
The Weeknd - Try Me (Remix) (feat. Quavo, Swae Lee & Trouble)
Future - Upscale (feat. Young Thug & Quavo)
Quavo - Walk It Talk It (feat. Drake)
Quavo Huncho (January 12th, 2018 - October 12th, 2018)
Quavo - Anywhere
Quavo - Birthday
Quavo - Blunts After Sex
Quavo - Control The Fourth Quarter
Quavo - Forgiven (feat. Pharrell Williams)
Quavo - GO ALL THE WAY (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
Jay Rock - Knock It Off (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - Kris Jenner
Quavo - Money Shower (feat. Chance The Rapper & Lil Yachty)
French Montana - No Stylist (Remix) (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - Practice Make Perfect
Quavo - Red Butterflies (feat. Trippie Redd)
Quavo - Ride Out The Storm
Quavo - Ride With Me
Quavo - Ship It
Quavo - Time Fly
Quavo - Whole Time
The Weeknd - Wow (feat. French Montana & Quavo)
The Last Rocket (May 2nd, 2018 - November 2nd, 2018)
Takeoff - Casper (feat. Lil Yachty)
Takeoff - Hard For Me
Juice WRLD - In A Minute (feat. Takeoff & Lil Skies)
Father of 4 (February 22nd, 2018 - February 22nd, 2019)
PnB Rock - Drop On Me (feat. Quavo)
PnB Rock - Fuck Up The City (feat. Quavo & Mally Mall)
PnB Rock - Get Out These Streets (feat. Quavo)
Young Thug - Never Leave A Trace (feat. Quavo)
Desiigner - No Deal (feat. Quavo)
Young Thug - Okay Okay (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - RR Vibes
Meek Mill - Send Them A Message (feat. Quavo & Skoola)
Rich The Kid - Tic Toc (feat. Quavo & Tory Lanez)
Control the Streets, Vol. 2 (February 22nd, 2019 - August 16th, 2019)
Quavo - Highlife (feat. Lil Yachty)
Young Thug - Peephole (feat. Gunna & Quavo)
Casanova - Pussy Pussy (feat. Quavo)
Lil Pump - Supposed to Do (feat. Smokepurpp & Quavo)
Culture III (August 16th, 2019 - June 11, 2020)
Pop Smoke - Creatures (feat. Quavo & Swae Lee)
Polo G - Drive Through (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - I Cannot Trust (feat. Young Thug)
Quavo - Keys (feat. Don Toliver & Mango Foo)
Lil Gotit - Money Pile (feat. Quavo & Migo Domingo)
Lil Yachty - Paper Plate (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - Ride With The Team
Travis Scott - Ring Ring (feat. Quavo, Don Toliver & CHASE B)
Quavo - Roll Up Smokin'
Quavo - Two-Tone Whip
Quavo - Whoo
Quavo - Wings
Cheat Code (January 1st, 2022 - April 7th, 2022)
-
Only Built For Infinity Links (April 7th, 2022 - October 7th, 2022)
-
Unknown
Quavo - All These Moneybaggs (feat. Moneybagg Yo)
Quavo - Bad For Your Health (feat. Future)
Quavo - Bday
Quavo - Berrys (feat. Lil Yachty)
PARTYNEXTDOOR - Bitch Back (feat. Quavo)
Justin Bieber - Bloodysz (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - C
YoungBoy Never Broke Again - Chill Out (feat. Takeoff & Rich The Kid)
Polo G - Continents (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - Dre (feat. Rich The Kid)
Quavo - Dreams
Quavo - Drop A Dime (feat. Meek Mill & Post Malone)
Quavo - Drug Dealer (feat. Dreezy)
Quavo - Embrace It (feat. Ty Dolla $ign)
Kanye West - Face Down (feat. Quavo & Lil Yachty)
PARTYNEXTDOOR - Feel A Way (feat. Quavo)
Steve Aoki - Freeze (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - Front Page
Post Malone - Good Morning (feat. Quavo)
Tory Lanez - Ice Cream (feat. Quavo & Saweetie)
Chrishan - Magdalena (feat. Mohombi, Takeoff & Pitbull)
Quavo - Million Dollar Rings (feat. Chris King & Trippie Redd)
Quavo - Serve
Quavo - Taste of the Sauce
Quavo - Team (feat. PARTYNEXTDOOR)
PARTYNEXTDOOR - Tequila (feat. Quavo)
Tory Lanez - That Often (feat. Quavo & Lil Wayne)
Quavo - The Reason (feat. Moneybagg Yo)
Quavo - Throw Bandz
Quavo - Tomahawk
Quavo - Water (feat. Bebe Rexha)
Rich The Kid - What's Going On (feat. Quavo)
Quavo - What You Never Did
A$AP Ferg - Whippin' Up A Watch (feat. Quavo & Pharrell Williams)
Quavo - Wide Body
PARTYNEXTDOOR - Who Am I? (feat. Quavo)Embed913 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsРусскийTürkçeFrançaisDeutschItalianoSICKO MODE Lyrics

Astro, yeah

Sun is down, freezin' cold
That's how we already know, winter's here
My dawg would probably do it for a Louis belt
That's just all he know, he don't know nothin' else
I tried to show 'em, yeah
I tried to show 'em, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Goin' on you with the pick and roll
Young La Flame, he in sicko mode

(Woo) Made this here with all the ice on in the booth
At the gate outside, when they pull up, they get me loose
Yeah, Jump Out boys, that's Nike boys, hoppin' out coupes
This shit way too big, when we pull up, give me the loot (Gimme the loot!)
Was off the Remy, had a Papoose
Had to hit my old town to duck the news
Two-four hour lockdown, we made no moves
Now it's 4 a.m. and I'm back up poppin' with the crew
I just landed in, Chase B mixes pop like Jamba Juice
Different colored chains, think my jeweler really sellin' fruits
And they chokin', man, know the crackers wish it was a noose
See Travis Scott LiveGet tickets as low as $44You might also like
Some-some-some-someone said
To win the retreat, we all in too deep
Play-play-playin' for keeps, don't play us for weak (Someone said)
To win the retreat, we all in too deep
Play-play-playin' for keeps, don't play us for weak

Yeah, this shit way too formal, y'all know I don't follow suit
Stacey Dash, most of these girls ain't got a clue
All of these hoes I made off records I produced
I might take all my exes and put 'em all in a group
Hit my eses, I need the bootch
'Bout to turn this function to Bonnaroo
Told her, "Hop in, you comin' too"
In the 305, bitches treat me like I'm Uncle Luke
(Don't stop, pop that pussy!)
Had to slop the top off, it's just a roof, uh
She said, "Where we goin'?" I said, "The moon"
We ain't even make it to the room
She thought it was the ocean, it's just the pool
Now I got her open, it's just the Goose
Who put this shit together? I'm the glue

Someone said
Shorty FaceTimed me out the blue
Someone said
Play-playin' for keeps
Someone said, mother****, someone said
Don't play us for weak

Yeah!
Astro, yeah, yeah
(Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up!)
Ayy, ayy

She's in love with who I am
Back in high school, I used to bus it to the dance (Yeah)
Now I hit the FBO with duffels in my hands
I did half a Xan, thirteen hours 'til I land
Had me out like a light, ayy, yeah
Like a light, ayy, yeah

Like a light, ayy, slept through the flight, ayy
Knocked for the night, ayy
767, man, this shit got double bedroom, man
I still got scores to settle, man
I crept down the block (Down the block)
Made a right (Yeah, right)
Cut the lights (Yeah, what?), paid the price (Yeah)
Niggas think it's sweet (Nah, never), it's on sight (Yeah, what?)
Nothin' nice (Yeah), baguettes in my ice (Aw, man)
Jesus Christ (Yeah), checks over stripes (Yeah)
That's what I like (Yeah), that's what we like (Yeah)
Lost my respect, you not a threat
When I shoot my shot, that shit wetty like I'm Sheck (Bitch)
See the shots that I took (Ayy), wet like I'm Book (Ayy)
Wet like I'm Lizzie
I be spinnin' Valley, circle blocks 'til I'm dizzy (Yeah, what?)
Like where is he? (Yeah, what?)
No one seen him (Yeah, yeah)
I'm tryna clean 'em (Yeah)
She's in love with who I am
Back in high school, I used to bus it to the dance
Now I hit the FBO with duffels in my hands (Woo)
I did half a Xan, thirteen hours 'til I land
Had me out like a light (Like a light)
Like a light (Like a light)
Like a light (Like a light)
Like a light

Yeah, passed the dawgs a celly
Sendin' texts, ain't sendin' kites, yeah
He said, "Keep that on lock"
I say, "You know this shit, it's stife," yeah
It's absolute, yeah (Yeah), I'm back, reboot (It's lit)
LaFerrari to Jamba Juice, yeah (Skrrt, skrrt)
We back on the road, they jumpin' off, no parachute, yeah
Shorty in the back
She said she workin' on her glutes, yeah (Oh my God)
Ain't by the book, yeah, this how it look, yeah
'Bout a check, yeah (Check), just check the foots, yeah
Pass this to my daughter, I'ma show her what it took (Yeah)
Baby mama cover Forbes, got these other bitches shook
Yeah751Embed